I was born.
Chen Feng, my brother wants to cover the bed with a quilt.
You want 100,000 dollars and you keep dragging it
What do you mean?
That's not possible.
You got killed in your last life
This life must make you pay with blood
Hey, I talked to you
You're dumb. Get out
I have no money.
Hmph, what's your attitude?
He is your kiss bunny
I don't care if you sell your house or land
Don't think about that person
Sure enough!
You just want to hit this house, don't you?
I'll tell you what.
My parents worked so hard to build this house
Why do you sell when you say so?
Just you sell that shoe.
I'll tell you what.
He's not far from death
Your house will be mine sooner or later
Dream your dreams
I'll tell you what.
If I still let your family live in this life
I write it upside down
Ride the Wind
If you dare to push me, I will tell you.
I can't live this day
I want a divorce.
How are you?
It's a deal.
Tomorrow, we will see you at the Civil Affairs Bureau.
You bitch
Man you bastard me